docs: add user guide for decoder app in GNOME section (#2307)
rocky-linux/documentation: docs/desktop/gnome/decoder.md

1. Click on **Save**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing next to a grey button that has the word "Save" written in black. ](images/05_decoder-text.png)
1. Click on **Export**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing next to a grey button that has the word "Export" written in black. ](images/06_decoder-text.png)

### Wifi

1. Click on the **Wifi** button
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Wifi" written in black.](images/01_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Add the name of your network, password, and pick its form of protection from the encryption algorithm dropdown menu
![Screenshot the wifi's name, password, and encryption algorithm being displayed. ](images/02_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Click on **Export**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Export" written in black.](images/03_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Click on **Save**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Save" written in black.](images/04_decoder-wifi.png)

!!! tip
If your wifi network is hidden, click on the **Hidden** button.

> 

Reviewer: See note below...

### How to Scan a QR code

In addition to creating and generating QR codes, you can use Decoder to scan QR codes you saved on you computer. Here's how:

1. Click on **Scan**
![Screenshot of a red circle on a grey button that has the word "Scan" written in black.](images/01_decoder-scan.png)
1. Click on  **Choose from a Screenshot**
<!--- add a screenshot here --->
1. Pick your desired effects and click on **Take a Screenshot**
<!--- add a screenshot here --->
1. Click on **Share**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a blue button that has the word "Share" written in white.](images/04_decoder-scan.png)
1. Scan the QR code with your mobile device

!!! note
 To scan a QR code straight from your computer, ensure that you grant the app access to your computer's camera.

> 

Reviewer: Again, I must refer you to [this document](https://docs.rockylinux.org/guides/contribute/rockydocs_formatting/). Your admonitions need to be formatted with a blank line between your admonition label and the content, and the content needs to be indented 4 spaces. (see "Admonitions" in the document link above). Your admonitions should look like this when complete:

```
!!! note

    To scan a QR code straight from your computer, ensure that you grant the application access to your computer's camera.
```
Note, too, that "app" above has been changed to "application." This is because our documentation is translated into other languages, and abbreviations, idioms, or slang, are problems. Always use clear wording that avoids these things. 

Thank you!

---
title: Decoder
author: Christine Belzie
contributors: 
---

## Introduction

> Need a QR code for your website, app, and social media profiles? Check out  Decoder! :) It is app that where you can create, save, an export QR codes.

Author: ```suggestion
Need a QR code for your website, app, and social media profiles? Check out  Decoder! :) It is an application that lets you can create, save, an export QR codes.
```

![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing next to a grey button that has the word "Export" written in black. ](images/06_decoder-text.png)

### Wifi

1. Click on the **Wifi** button
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Wifi" written in black.](images/01_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Add the name of your network, password, and pick its form of protection from the encryption algorithm dropdown menu
![Screenshot the wifi's name, password, and encryption algorithm being displayed. ](images/02_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Click on **Export**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Export" written in black.](images/03_decoder-wifi.png)
1. Click on **Save**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a grey button that has the word "Save" written in black.](images/04_decoder-wifi.png)

!!! tip
If your wifi network is hidden, click on the **Hidden** button.

### How to Scan a QR code

In addition to creating and generating QR codes, you can use Decoder to scan QR codes you saved on you computer. Here's how:

1. Click on **Scan**
![Screenshot of a red circle on a grey button that has the word "Scan" written in black.](images/01_decoder-scan.png)

> <!--- add a screenshot here --->

Author: ```suggestion

```

> 1. Click on  **Choose from a Screenshot**

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click on  **From a Screenshot**
```

<!--- add a screenshot here --->
1. Pick your desired effects and click on **Take a Screenshot**
<!--- add a screenshot here --->
1. Click on **Share**
![Screenshot of a red arrow pointing at a blue button that has the word "Share" written in white.](images/04_decoder-scan.png)
1. Scan the QR code with your mobile device

!!! note
 
    To scan a QR code straight from your computer, ensure that you grant the app access to your computer's camera.

## Conclusion

> Eager to learn more about or have more ideas for this app? [Submit an issue in Decoder's repository at GitLab](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/decoder/-/issues).

Author: ```suggestion
Whether it's to share a restaurant's Wi-Fi with friends, grow your business, or network with other professionals at a conference, Decoder can ease the process of creating and scanning QR codes. Eager to learn more about or have more ideas for this application? [Submit an issue to its repository at GitLab](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/decoder/-/issues).
```
